raft: leader steps off on `ER_WAL_IO` (#9606)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9632-fix-box-watch-hangs.md

## bugfix/core

> * Fixed a bug where the tarantool could hang due to `box.watch` (gh-9632).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug when Tarantool could hang due to `box.watch` (gh-9632).
```

Author: Done.
